The objective is to address the insecure remote work environments and lack of IT support. The audience is all employees as device use is inconsistent which is a risk for phishing. 
The leadership team to approve the policy, allocate budget for training and hire remote IT support. The IT team will need it for device guidelines, monitoring and compliance. 
Lastly, it will be shared with new employees as an introduction on how security works and have clarity on IT security. 

Establish the current state
We must be adaptable to our unique needs and steer away from one-size-fits-all approach. Regular cyber-risk assessments to identify weaknesses specific to our remote workflow, 
such as insecure public Wi-Fi will be conducted. This will allow us to allocate security investments based on the actual impact on our consultancy.

Enterprise-Wide Security 
Cyber security is a critical part of risk management and not just a technical concern, it’s an enterprise-wide responsibility. All employees in the consultancy will be 
accountable for protecting critical data in line with the business objectives. A remote IT team will be appointed to address the lack of on-site support. The team will have a 
system administrator who will manage hardware, software updates and database integrity. The security administrator will establish guidelines; they will work together to ensure 
compliance in the consultancy.
 
Increase cyber-security awareness and training
The security and training should empower the employees therefore to resolve the anxiety surrounding e-mail phishing, we will prioritise company-wide awareness over disciplinary 
actions. We will schedule regular training sessions to help them identify social engineering threats. A vigilant, well-informed team is more effective to prevent any breaches.

Assess cyber risk analytics
Our employees use personal devices and work from cafes; we need to implement and maintain good cyber hygiene regardless of location. This will ensure that when they work remotely, 
they are secure and that there is device integrity. The IT team will ensure that all devices have the approved antivirus software and firewalls to block unauthorised access and to
detect any malware threats. Any remote data exchanges will utilise PKI services (SSL/TLS) to encrypt connections and verify recipient identities.

Monitor, measure, report and improve
This is an ongoing process of measurement and improvement. The role of the incident responder will be to handle investigations and guide the team during breaches. Through 
regular data analysis and reporting we will ensure our defences evolve to meet new threats. 

